skills.md, before:

# CV, certificates and skills
## CV
[Long CV](https://javadebadi1990.github.io/CV/Javad-Ebadi-CV.pdf)

## Certificates
#### Programming
- **The Unix Workbench**. Johns Hopkins University, [Coursera](https://javadebadi1990.github.io/CV/certificates/The-Unix-Workbench.pdf)

#### Machine Learning Certificates
- **Machine Learning**, by Andrew Ng. Stanford University, [Coursera](https://javadebadi1990.github.io/CV/certificates/Machine-Learning-Coursera DJ4VL4Y4H2MD.pdf).

- **Neural Networks and Deep Learning**, by Andrew Ng. deeplearning.ai, [Coursera](https://javadebadi1990.github.io/CV/certificates/Deep-Learning-1-GU3E7YMC3GG6.pdf).

#### Data Science Certificates
- **What is Data Science**, by IBM. IBM, [Coursera](https://javadebadi1990.github.io/CV/certificates/What-is-data-science.pdf).

- **Python for Data Science and AI**, by Joseph Santarcangelo. IBM, [Coursera](https://javadebadi1990.github.io/CV/certificates/IBM-Python-for-Data-Science-and-AI.pdf).


<div data-iframe-width="150" data-iframe-height="270" data-share-badge-id="ee7d3898-6f1c-4fdf-8dbf-83fc2c10cdcd"></div><script type="text/javascript" async src="//cdn.youracclaim.com/assets/utilities/embed.js"></script>
<div data-iframe-width="150" data-iframe-height="270" data-share-badge-id="4afa9e46-3777-43c7-b0c6-39e8c755bdc1"></div><script type="text/javascript" async src="//cdn.youracclaim.com/assets/utilities/embed.js"></script>

### Skills

<!--
<table border="0">
	<thead>
		<th></th>
		<th></th>
		<th></th>
                <th></th>
	</thead>
	<tr>
		<td><strong>Programming</strong></td>
                <td><img src="./images/cpp_logo.png" height="50" ><br>C++</td>
		<td><img src="./images/python_logo_2.png" height="50"><br>Python</td>
		<td><img src="./images/mathematica_11_logo.png" height="50"><br>Mathematica</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><strong>Data Analysis</strong></td>
		<td><a href="https://root.cern.ch/"><img src="./images/root.png" height="50"><br>root</a></td>
		<td><a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/"><img src="./images/pandas.png" height="75"><br>pandas</a> <br>  
			<a href="http://www.numpy.org/"><img src="./images/numpy.png" height="50"><br>numpy</a> <br> 
			<a href="https://matplotlib.org/"><img src="./images/matplotlib.svg" height="50"><br>matplotlib</a></td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><strong>Machine Learning</strong></td>
		<td><a href="https://root.cern.ch/tmva"><img src="./images/tmva.png" height="50"><br>TMVA</a></td>
		<td><a href="https://scikit-learn.org/"><img src="./images/scikit_learn.png" height="50"><br>scikit-learn</a><br>
            <a href="http://keras.io/"><img  src="./images/keras.png" height="50"><br>keras</a><br>
            <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org/"><img src="./images/tensorflow.png" height="50"><br> tensorflow</a>
        </td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>
</table>
-->

Commit message:

Added open source tools for data science certificate

skills.md, after:

# CV, certificates and skills
## CV
[Long CV](https://javadebadi1990.github.io/CV/Javad-Ebadi-CV.pdf)

## Certificates
#### Programming
- **The Unix Workbench**. Johns Hopkins University, [Coursera](https://javadebadi1990.github.io/CV/certificates/The-Unix-Workbench.pdf)

#### Machine Learning Certificates
- **Machine Learning**, by Andrew Ng. Stanford University, [Coursera](https://javadebadi1990.github.io/CV/certificates/Machine-Learning-Coursera DJ4VL4Y4H2MD.pdf).

- **Neural Networks and Deep Learning**, by Andrew Ng. deeplearning.ai, [Coursera](https://javadebadi1990.github.io/CV/certificates/Deep-Learning-1-GU3E7YMC3GG6.pdf).

#### Data Science Certificates
- **What is Data Science**, by IBM. IBM, [Coursera](https://javadebadi1990.github.io/CV/certificates/What-is-data-science.pdf).

- **Open Source tools for Data Science**, by Polong Lin. IBM, [Coursera](https://javadebadi1990.github.io/CV/certificates/IBM-open-source-tools-for-data-science.pdf).

- **Python for Data Science and AI**, by Joseph Santarcangelo. IBM, [Coursera](https://javadebadi1990.github.io/CV/certificates/IBM-Python-for-Data-Science-and-AI.pdf).


<div data-iframe-width="150" data-iframe-height="270" data-share-badge-id="ee7d3898-6f1c-4fdf-8dbf-83fc2c10cdcd"></div><script type="text/javascript" async src="//cdn.youracclaim.com/assets/utilities/embed.js"></script>
<div data-iframe-width="150" data-iframe-height="270" data-share-badge-id="4afa9e46-3777-43c7-b0c6-39e8c755bdc1"></div><script type="text/javascript" async src="//cdn.youracclaim.com/assets/utilities/embed.js"></script>

### Skills

<!--
<table border="0">
	<thead>
		<th></th>
		<th></th>
		<th></th>
                <th></th>
	</thead>
	<tr>
		<td><strong>Programming</strong></td>
                <td><img src="./images/cpp_logo.png" height="50" ><br>C++</td>
		<td><img src="./images/python_logo_2.png" height="50"><br>Python</td>
		<td><img src="./images/mathematica_11_logo.png" height="50"><br>Mathematica</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><strong>Data Analysis</strong></td>
		<td><a href="https://root.cern.ch/"><img src="./images/root.png" height="50"><br>root</a></td>
		<td><a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/"><img src="./images/pandas.png" height="75"><br>pandas</a> <br>  
			<a href="http://www.numpy.org/"><img src="./images/numpy.png" height="50"><br>numpy</a> <br> 
			<a href="https://matplotlib.org/"><img src="./images/matplotlib.svg" height="50"><br>matplotlib</a></td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><strong>Machine Learning</strong></td>
		<td><a href="https://root.cern.ch/tmva"><img src="./images/tmva.png" height="50"><br>TMVA</a></td>
		<td><a href="https://scikit-learn.org/"><img src="./images/scikit_learn.png" height="50"><br>scikit-learn</a><br>
            <a href="http://keras.io/"><img  src="./images/keras.png" height="50"><br>keras</a><br>
            <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org/"><img src="./images/tensorflow.png" height="50"><br> tensorflow</a>
        </td>
		<td></td>
	</tr>
</table>
-->
